Comparison of elements in a List<T>

A. internalization fo sorting:

what:
Write the logic of sorting inside the class or type itself

way: 
implement IComparable<T> interface and its abstract method "int CompareTo(T? other)" in the type
call the Sort() method of the List<T> to get the collection elements sorted

how: 
Sort() method by default invokes the CompareTo() method on one instance of the type and passe another instance reference as the argument to the CompareTo() method

Note: if the type does not implement the IComparable<T> interface, the Sort() method will throw exception

Disadvantages:
1. if the author of entity and the user of the entity are not the same the author of the entity has NOT implemented the IComparable<T> interface, then Sort() method will throw exception. the user of the entity has no way to change the source code.
2. if user wants choice based sorting, then passing the choice inside the entity is complicated as
	a. the choice is NOT a valid attribute of that entity
	b. the choice has to be passed every time an entity is created (until and unless you use a static data member for choice)


B. Externalization:

what:
Write the logic of sorting outside the class or type itself through a separate class (can be created by the user of the entity).

way: 
implement IComparer<T> interface and its abstract method "int Compare(T? x, T? y)" in a separate class
create an instance of that class (you can pass the choice for sorting too)
pass that instance while calling the Sort() method to get the collection elements sorted

how: 
Sort() method henceforth will invoke the Compare() method on that separate class instance and pass two instance of the entity/type to compare, at a time to Compare() method as arguments


Advantages:
1. if the author of entity and the user of the entity are not the same and the author of the entity has NOT implemented the IComparable<T> interface, it is no longer a problem. Because the Sort() now will call the Compare() method of the Comparer class

2. if user wants choice based sorting, then passing the choice inside the Comparer class makes sense and easy to pass

3. it can also do the same job that CompareTo() method is supposed to do also
